• Autistic children have communication difficulties, narrow interests and repetitive behavior. Signs of autism might be noticeable in infancy or early childhood. These might include lack of interest in other people, including lack of eye contact. Autism can be diagnosed from two years of age. We didn’t know how we would deal with this project at first, but I think it is an interesting project to deal with, so we are all included on it. We still haven’t decided what kind of game we will create, but we are on the right path. We now have learned that autistic children often do things like: line up toys or other objects and gets upset when order is changed, repeat words or phrases over and over plays with toys the same way every time, are focused on parts of objects, get upset by minor changes, have obsessive interests, must follow certain routines, flaps hands, rocks body, or spins self in circles, have unusual reactions to the way things sound, smell, taste, look, color or feel etc. Most of autistic children have hyperactive and impulsive behavior, lack of fear, unusual eating or sleeping habits. They often never learn to speak or make eye contact, but some of them learn and live normal lives. Children with autism may also have difficulties with sensory processing. This means they may have trouble processing sights, sounds, smells, textures, or anything else that stimulates the senses. Creating a game suited for children with autism may prove to be a little challenging considering their different behavior and interests, our goal is to create a game in python using simple turtle graphics that helps children with autism with learning new things, communicating with them or entertaining them. So far we have experimented with different ideas such as a board game whose purpose is to train memory, where children are tasked to match the same numbers in a grid of squares, however we are still learning new things about the behavior and interests of these kids and are constantly coming up with new ideas.
